And there re pose. A turn or two I'll walk
She dwelt a mong the un trod den ways
And sleep and wake yet nev er break the chain?
I can re mem ber when he was a pup.
She seemed a thing that could not feel
Played for a pair of stain less mai den hoods.
In a vi sion once I saw
Let not my hearse be vexed with mourn ing friends
Out na ked on the roads as the books say and strick en
En wrought with gold en and sil ver light
By wo man wail ing for her de mon lov er!
What was it it whis pered? I knew not well my self
And post o'er land and o cean with out rest
What the an vil? what dread grasp
It gath ers to a great ness like the ooze of oil
The squir rel's gran a ry is full
Or free his feet that in the myre sticke fast?
Huge spon ges of mil len ni al growth and height
Then bat tle for free dom wher e ver you can
And not blush so to be ad mi red.
Then once by man and an gels to be seen
In truth the pris on un to which we doom
And pay no wor ship to the gar ish sun.
That are so won drous sweet and fair!
Ex tremes to touch and mean one thing.
A lone and pale ly loit er ing?
Not in lone splen dour hung a loft the night
And the pile some what sun ken. Cle ma tis
Men wo men on their sod den fac es hurled
All mim sy were the bo ro goves
That Ben e dic tion which the e clips ing curse
That bel lies and drags in the wind
I all a lone be weep my out cast state
Walk up on the winds with light ness
Ev er to come up with Dac tyl tri syl la ble.
It flung up mo ment ly the sa cred riv er.
Our rev els now are end ed. These our ac tors
Con sum ing the last clouds of cold mor tal i ty.
Where springs not fail
Where can we find two bet ter hem i spheres
An el der said as we sat in a flock
Through wood and dale the sa cred riv er ran
High as the high est peak of Fur ness fells
I love thee true.
And that one tal ent which is death to hide
For thou wilt lie up on the wings of night
Are with me from the past
Gal lop a pace you fi er y foot ed steeds
'Twas so but this all pleas ures fan cies be.
Re pair me now for now mine end doth haste
Far far be neath in the ab ys mal sea
Of wa ters with a sound but half its own
Has wo ven a win ter robe
Ty ger! ty ger! burn ing bright
That we sit some times in the way side nook
I set her on my pac ing steed
Do they a bove love to be lov'd and yet
In to some thing rich and strange.
Lamp of Earth! where' er thou mov est
Fair are oth ers none be holds thee
I reade it in thy lookes thy lan guisht grace
Tro chee trips from long to short.
Thy glo ry by Thy side.
By their own beau ties or if love be blind
From the sight that liq uid splen dour
And is al ways as no bly re quit ed
Then must we sleep one e ver dur ing night.
And his dark se cret love
She laughs at them for child ish ness
At ear li est morn ing to the door.
I strove with none for none was worth my strife
And wrin kled lip and sneer of cold com mand
And drunk the milk of Par a dise.
Where the Youth pined a way with de si re
To serve there with my Mak er and pres ent
And eve ry fair from fair some times de clines
The one the oth er will ab sorb
Those are pearls that were his eyes
That all the world will be in love with night
I like an u surped town to an oth er due
The wrin kled sea be neath him crawls
Half sunk a shat tered vis age lies whose frown
The fru mi ous Ban der snatch!
I met a la dy in the meads
A state ly pleas ure dome de cree
That bus ie arch er his sharpe ar rowes tries?
But it must nev er nev er come in sight
The Brain is deep er than the sea
Be it not seen in ei ther of our brows
I had no hu man fears
As Pha e ton would whip you to the west
I en vy no man's night in gale or spring
We pic tured the meek mild crea tures where
Could frame thy fear ful sym me try?
With e qua ni mi ty.
Take him and cut him out in lit tle stars
That makes in grate ful man.
Must all be veiled while he that reads di vines
Gen er a tions have trod have trod have trod
For est on for est hung a bove his head
How Dick would hate the cold.
Come in the speak ing si lence of a dream
The fact is the sweet est dream that la bor knows.
To warm the fro zen swamp as best it could
O what can ail thee knight at arms
To come vn to his wish ed home in haste
Could so for get his han di work on which
And hast thou slain the Jab ber wock?
He left it dead and with its head
Who plain ly say My God My King.
Not to a true but paint ed chair?
Thou art more love ly and more tem per ate
And out of the swing of the sea.
Love wounds with heat as Death with cold
So Love's in flam d shaft or brand
As those move eas i est who have learn'd to dance.
And In no cence is clos ing up his eyes
And the wo man call ing.